what's going on guys boy John also known
as bebo echo and in this video I'm gonna
show you how to do a normal freeze our
guys to sign up with a freeze you have
to pick which hand but that's your
pretty much your your favorite or your
dominant hand freeze on so for me I'm
going to use my right hand freeze with
your dominant hand or whichever you're
going to freeze on all right you're
gonna put your elbow near your pelvic
area all right your upper pelvic area or
your lower abdomen okay so this is
called the stab okay put it right there
right put it right there I'm mostly
comfortable with my right hand going to
the right side okay and your your other
hand get the one that's gonna balance me
that guide me right so let me use my
right hand to staff to my pelvic area
and then just put your all your weight
into it and kind of push a little bit
push off with your put your feet and
then put your head on the floor okay so
this is a freeze on the other side show
you my right hand and that's gonna stab
to my lower abdomen or my pelvic area my
head's on the floor my left hand is also
supporting me and helping me then kind
of push off
right and in the freeze you could also
put your legs and different ways okay
this or flip this left leg here up
three